[Music]
Swifty's the name so who's gonna be
tough
duh you are knock down the top dog
where's swifty you're looking at the
next lead dog for the arctic blast
delivery service you are a small arctic
fox who was not meant to pull a giant
sled there is no way you can do this
reverse psychology
nice my first delivery to the middle of
knowing
where do I sign that smell it's like the
planet made a poopy I've been waiting my
entire life for this moment we round up
the bad guys bada bing bada boom justice
served how about you what could possibly
go wrong in jamming
[Music]
it's too far we'll never make it lemon
fly oh now we're not that fly you have
to fly
swifty I can't let you do this
[Music]
[Applause]
this is my mommy
you